Créer un script node pour évaluer les aides d'une simulation dans la BDD (#2479)
betagouv/aides-jeunes: README.md

> - [OpenFisca tracer](https://openfisca.github.io/tracer/) can allow you to debug OpenFisca computations. ([source](https://github.com/openfisca/tracer))
> 
> - `npm run generate-missing-institutions-aides-velo` allow you to generate missing institutions for the package `aides-velo`.
> 
> - `npm run test-definition-periods` allow you to valid the periods of openfisca requested variables.
> 
> - `npm run evaluate-benefits <simulationId>` allow you to evaluate benefits with simulation id.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OpenFisca tracer](https://openfisca.github.io/tracer/) allows you to debug OpenFisca computations. ([source](https://github.com/openfisca/tracer))

- `npm run generate-missing-institutions-aides-velo` allows you to generate missing institutions for the package `aides-velo`.

- `npm run test-definition-periods` allows you to valid the periods of openfisca requested variables.

- `npm run evaluate-benefits <simulationId>` allows you to evaluate benefits with simulation id.

```
